# Sp18Web_Game
I started learning Java 1 and a half years ago at Dutchess Community College by taking two semesters of the basic Computer Science courses. Specifically, I took Intro to Computer Science/Programming and Advanced Programming & Data Structure which together were equivalent to CompSci 1 course at NewPaltz. Then I transferred to SUNY NewPaltz into Computer Science major. I took CompSci 2 (Data Structures) last semester. Also, I took Web Page Design last semester, so I learned HTML and CSS. I am currently taking an Independent study with Prof. Dos Reis using Python, which will be counted toward Language Processing. So, I am a bit familiar with the language but not completely.

I am looking forward to learn how to take my idea into an actual user interacting app. I am excited to see how things are made, connected, and made usable to actual users through various tools throughout this course. With all the practical skills and underlying theories, I will probably be, in the much later future, working on group projects, developing larger scale apps such as games, social networking apps, or even user interactive community websites such as instagram, facebook, and etc. In a more closer future, I would probably be working on getting an internship related to web development, having learned all the knowledges and skills I will be leaning in this course. I don't know how my future is going to be, whether I will be working in web based industries or not, but at this point, I am starting to see myself becoming a fine web developer. I hope, by the end of this semester, I become one step closer to being one.